README.md, before:

# Xtank

## What is Xtank?

Xtank is a multi-player vehicle combat game played in mazes of
various sizes and types.  You control a vehicle (usually a tank)
equipped with the latest in armor and weaponry.  Your objective
depends on the game you play.

## License

The 1.6.0 release of Xtank has been re-licensed under the BSD 2-clause
copyright, sometimes referred to as the "FreeBSD Copyright".  Check
individual files for the name of the contributing Author(s).

## Source Code Layout

This is the top-level Xtank directory.  The subdirectories are as follows:

* Doc           Documentation on how to play Xtank
* Bin           Programs and shell scripts
* Help          Files used by the graphical help system in Xtank
* Todo          Ideas for the future, lists from the past
* Mazes         Files describing Mazes used in Xtank
* Programs      Files for robot programs to load into Xtank
* Src           Source code for Xtank
* Util          Random utilities used in writing Xtank (largely untested)
* Vehicles      Files describing vehicles used in Xtank
* README.md     This file

## How To Build

* Get a copy of the source code repository, and unpack it.
* Make sure that you have X11 libraries installed for your
  machine.  Xtank only requires libX11.
* Build the software:
  * On a supported system, just run 'make'

### FreeBSD notes

The code is expected to work fairly well on FreeBSD 10, FreeBSD 11,
and FreeBSD-current (which is, as of this writing, what identifies
itself as FreeBSD-12).

### Mac OS X notes

The code is expected to work fairly well on Mac OS X.  As of this
writing, the code is known to work on OS X 10.11.6 (El Capitan).

To display the graphics from Xtank, you will need an X11 server.
The code has been tested using Xquartz 2.7.11, and it works OK.

### Linux notes

The code is expected to work fairly well on a modern-ish Linux
system.  The code was compiled and tested on a Centos-7 installation,
installed into a virtual machine.

The 'libX11-devel' package had to be added to a standward install,
via:
	sudo yum install -y libX11-devel

### Other systems

No substantial work has been put into making it easy to build this
software on other platforms.  Hopefully, this will be done eventually,
but getting the code relicensed and into a working state was deemed
the most important first step.

## Mailing List

A mailing list has been created for discussion relating to the
code of Xtank, and for help with building/porting issues.

* Subscribe at: xtank-admin@xtank.org
* Post at: xtank@xtank.org

Posting are only allowed from email addresses that are subscribed
to the mailing list, to prevent abuse from spammers.  Sorry, but
the Internet is not the friendly, open place that it used to be.

Commit message:

Explain the XTANK_DIR environmental variable in README.md
Document the XTANK_DIR environmental variable and what it gets used
for at runtime by the binary.  Give a hint about how to invoke the
program properly in README.md, as suggested by Alex North-Keys.

README.md, after:

# Xtank

## What is Xtank?

Xtank is a multi-player vehicle combat game played in mazes of
various sizes and types.  You control a vehicle (usually a tank)
equipped with the latest in armor and weaponry.  Your objective
depends on the game you play.

## License

The 1.6.0 release of Xtank has been re-licensed under the BSD 2-clause
copyright, sometimes referred to as the "FreeBSD Copyright".  Check
individual files for the name of the contributing Author(s).

## Source Code Layout

This is the top-level Xtank directory.  The subdirectories are as follows:

* Doc           Documentation on how to play Xtank
* Bin           Programs and shell scripts
* Help          Files used by the graphical help system in Xtank
* Todo          Ideas for the future, lists from the past
* Mazes         Files describing Mazes used in Xtank
* Programs      Files for robot programs to load into Xtank
* Src           Source code for Xtank
* Util          Random utilities used in writing Xtank (largely untested)
* Vehicles      Files describing vehicles used in Xtank
* README.md     This file

## How To Build

* Get a copy of the source code repository, and unpack it.
* Make sure that you have X11 libraries installed for your
  machine.  Xtank only requires libX11.
* Build the software:
  * On a supported system, just run 'make'

### FreeBSD notes

The code is expected to work fairly well on FreeBSD 10, FreeBSD 11,
and FreeBSD-current (which is, as of this writing, what identifies
itself as FreeBSD-12).

### Mac OS X notes

The code is expected to work fairly well on Mac OS X.  As of this
writing, the code is known to work on OS X 10.11.6 (El Capitan).

To display the graphics from Xtank, you will need an X11 server.
The code has been tested using Xquartz 2.7.11, and it works OK.

### Linux notes

The code is expected to work fairly well on a modern-ish Linux
system.  The code was compiled and tested on a Centos-7 installation,
installed into a virtual machine.

The 'libX11-devel' package had to be added to a standward install,
via:
    sudo yum install -y libX11-devel

### Other systems

No substantial work has been put into making it easy to build this
software on other platforms.  Hopefully, this will be done eventually,
but getting the code relicensed and into a working state was deemed
the most important first step.

## How to Run

* The game expects the environmental variable XTANK_DIR to be
  set to point at a directory that contains the directories:
  * Mazes
  * Programs
  * Vehicles
  These directories are used by the binary to load the Mazes
  and Vehicles used by the game.  The `Programs` directory is
  only needed if you are going to dynamically load a robot
  program into the game.  The standard robot programs are
  compiled into the `xtank` binary.
* The simplest way to accomplish this is to run the compiled
  binary like this:

    XTANK_DIR=$(pwd) ./Src/xtank

## Mailing List

A mailing list has been created for discussion relating to the
code of Xtank, and for help with building/porting issues.

* Subscribe at: xtank-admin@xtank.org
* Post at: xtank@xtank.org

Posting are only allowed from email addresses that are subscribed
to the mailing list, to prevent abuse from spammers.  Sorry, but
the Internet is not the friendly, open place that it used to be.
