.\"
.\" Xtank
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1993 Aaron Nabil Eastlund
.\" Copyright (c) 1993 Kurt Lidl
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
.\" are met:
.\" 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\" 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
.\"    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND
.\" ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
.\" ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
.\" FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
.\" DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
.\" OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
.\" HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
.\" LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
.\" OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
.\" SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.\"
.TH XTANK 6 "10 January 2017" "Xtank 1.6.1" 
.SH NAME
xtank - a X11 based game of tank combat
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B xtank
.B [-h]
.B [display0]
.B [display1]
.B [...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I Xtank
is a multi-player vehicle game played in mazes of various
sizes and types.  You control a vehicle (usually a tank) equipped with
the latest in armor and weaponry.  Xtank has several different
types of games available.  Your objective depends on the type of game
you play.
.LP
The
.I xtank 
script invokes the appropriate binary for a given system.
.SH OPTIONS
.I xtank
has the following options:
.TP
.B -h
provides a brief summary of the known options, which are in too great
a state of flux to include here.
.TP
.B display0 ... displayN
represent the
.I X Window System
displays to which
.I xtank
should attempt to establish connections at the start of the game.
.SH X DEFAULTS
.PP
.TP 8
.B escherWidth (\fPclass\fB Width)
Specifies the width of the bogus escher menus.
Zero is strongly recommended.
.TP 8
.B beep (\fPclass\fB Beep)
Specifies the value of the beep flags.  Use 0 to turn it off, and
1 to turn it on.  The default value is 1.
.TP 8
.B drawName (\fPclass\fB Drawname)
Specifies the value of the display name tags flag for your vehicle.
.TP 8
.B keypad (\fPclass\fB Keypad)
Specifies the value of the use keypad flag for your vehicle.
.TP 8
.B background (\fPclass\fB BackGround)
Specifies the background color.
.TP 8
.B foreground (\fPclass\fB ForeGround)
Specifies the foreground color.
.TP 8
.B color.red (\fPclass\fB Color.Team)
.TP 8
.B color.orange (\fPclass\fB Color.Team)
.TP 8
.B color.yellow (\fPclass\fB Color.Team)
.TP 8
.B color.green (\fPclass\fB Color.Team)
.TP 8
.B color.blue (\fPclass\fB Color.Team)
.TP 8
.B color.violet (\fPclass\fB Color.Team)
.TP 8
.B color.neutral (\fPclass\fB Color.Team)
Specifies the color of the coresponding team.
.TP 8
.B color.cursor (\fPclass\fB Color.Cursor)
Specifies the color to be used for the cursor, the "tink",
commentator, radar, etc...
.TP 8
.B playerName (\fPclass\fB PlayerName)
Specifies the player's name for their vehicle.  This will be displayed
under the moving tank.
.TP 8
.B tankName (\fPclass\fB TankName)
Specifies the default vehicle to use for the the game.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP 15
.B DISPLAY
to get the default host and display number.
.TP
.B XTANK_DIR
If set, its value overrides
.B $XTANK_DIR
as the default xtank directory.
.TP
.B XTANK_VEHICLES
If set, its value overrides
.B $XTANK_DIR/Vehicles
as the default xtank vehicle directory.
.TP
.B XTANK_MAZES
If set, its value overrides
.B $XTANK_DIR/Mazes
as the default xtank maze directory.
.TP
.B XTANK_PROGRAMS
If set, its value overrides
.B $XTANK_DIR/Programs
as the default xtank robot program directory.
.TP
.B FONT_DIR
If set,
its value overrides
.B $XTANK_DIR/Fonts
as the default font search path.
.TP
.B XTANK_HEADERS
If set,
its value overrides
.B ./Src/Include
as the default header search path.
.SH FILES
.PD 0
.TP 30
.B $XTANK_VEHICLES/*
xtank vehicle definition. 
.TP
.B $XTANK_PROGRAMS/*
xtank robot programs. 
.TP
.B $XTANK_MAZES/*
xtank mazes. 
.PD
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR xtrek(6)
.SH BUGS
.LP
No, of course not.  
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 1988, Terry Donahue.
.SH AUTHORS
Terry Donahue wrote the original Xtank.
.br
Contributing authors...
.br
Tony Ambardar
.br
Laura Baldwin
.br
Sean Barrett
.br
Lachlan Brown
.br
Adam Bryant
.br
Doug Church
.br
Aaron N. Eastlund
.br
Eric Esterling
.br
Rob Fullmer
.br
greg%lurker.uucp@ICS.UCI.EDU
.br
Eon Harry
.br
Hans Jeppesen
.br
William Katz
.br
Joe Killian
.br
Kurt Lidl
.br
Chris Moore
.br
Christopher North-Keys
.br
Josh M. Osborne
.br
Robert Potter
.br
Evan Reidell
.br
Dan Schmidt
.br
Matt Senft
.br
Gordon H. Smith
.br
John Smolin
.br
Bill Sommerfeld
.br
Erik Winfree
.br
Steve Worley
.br
Mike Zehr
.br
Manual page contributed by Aaron Nabil Eastlund, and editted by
Kurt Lidl.
